feat: colors foundation page (#2191)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/foundations/colors/index.mdx

Not all text or icons tokens will be accessible on all background tokens in Paste. When composing UIs, ensure color pairings meet accessibility guidance. Here are some general color pairings that have been designed for and tested for accessible contrast ratios:

The standard text and icon color tokens (`$color-text`, ` $color-text-weak`, `$color-text-icon`) are meant to be used on the standard background color tokens (`$color-background` and `$color-background-body`).

<StandardPairingSwatches />

Status text and icon color tokens are designed to be accessible on the standard background color tokens and on the weakest variant of the corresponding status background color token. For example, `$color-text-success` can be used on top of `$color-background-success-weakest`. `$color-text` can also be used on the weakest variant of all status background color tokens.

<StatusPairingSwatches />

The inverse text and icon color tokens (`$color-text-inverse`, `$color-text-inverse-weak`, `$color-text-icon-inverse`) are meant to be used on the inverse background color tokens (`$color-background-inverse` and `$color-background-body-inverse`).

<InversePairingSwatches />

> A comprehensive list of all accessible color pairings is coming soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

#### Warning

To indicate to a user that an issue can be avoided or needs a corrective action, Paste uses orange for its warning tokens. Warning tokens are used with alerts, badges, toasts, and statuses.

#### Neutral

Paste uses blue to indicate neutral information or a neutral state to a user. Blue is a calming color that does not typically cause alarm in a user experience. Neutral tokens are used with alerts, toasts, badges, and statuses.

### Color themes

Paste is a themable system. Themes are collections of design tokens that reference specific values. Paste has a Default Theme, as well as a Dark Theme in early preview. Choose which themes to use based on content and user experience needs.

If you’re looking to create a new or custom theme, [check out our theme documentation](/customization/creating-a-custom-theme).

#### Default theme

Paste, by default, uses the design language that was specifically designed to unify all Twilio products, known as the Default Theme. It’s currently the standard for almost all Twilio products.

#### Dark theme

> Dark Theme is in “early preview” and more work will be done to ensure color contrasts are accessible. Eventually, Dark Theme will be available for wider adoption, but this relies on full Paste adoption in a product. If there are parts of your UI that are not built with Paste, you should not adopt this early preview theme. If there are parts of the UI that aren’t using Paste, Dark theme wouldn’t be applied and the result will be a broken and inconsistent UI. For more questions, [join our discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions/1527).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste also has a Dark theme that can be leveraged to enable dark mode within products. This, however, relies on full Paste adoption in a product. If there are parts of the UI that aren’t using Paste, Dark theme wouldn’t be applied and the result will be a broken and inconsistent UI. For more questions, [join our discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions/1527).
```
